Category: Recipe Books

High Protein

This recipe book is packed with high protein recipes perfect for a lean build.

15

Recipes/protein.png

 

Low Carb

Making weight made easy with these filling but low carb meals.

12

Recipes/lowCarb.png

 

Low Fat

14

Delicious low-fat recipes that you won’t even be able to tell the difference.

Recipes/lowFat.png

 

High Energy

Prepare for those big days with big meals packed with energy.

17

Recipes/highEngery.png

 

Lean

Cutting has never been so easy with these simple recipes.

16

Recipes/lean.png

 

Asian Fusion

Spice it up with some Asian flavours beyond a spice bag.

12

Recipes/asian.png

 

European Influences

All sorts of European cuisine for all sorts of moods.

13

Recipes/euro.png

 

Healthy Indian

Tastier than a takeaway and twice as healthy, enjoy these tasty Indian recipes.

15

Recipes/indian.png

 

Gluten Free

Take the hassle out with the gluten. These Gluten Free recipes make the most of what you already have.

8

Recipes/gf.png

 

High Calorie

Bulking doesn’t need to be boring with these high calorie diets.

19

Recipes/highCal.jpg

 

Dairy Free

Cut the cheese with these dairy free delights.

11

Recipes/dairyFree.png

 

Vegetarian

Veg has never been this tasty.

9

Recipes/Vegetarian.jpg

 

Paleo

Weekly Paleo made easy with this guide. Now enjoy the weekend!

17

Recipes/Paleo.jpg

 

Energy Bites

It’s game day and don’t forgot these quick bites for pre work-out snacks

16

Recipes/energyBites.png

 

Slow Cooker

Take the hassle out of your evenings with these healthy, easy to follow recipes. Turn on in the morning and come home to delicious healthy ready made meals.

16

Recipes/slowCooker.jpg

 

Smoothie

Just juice it with these sumptuous smoothies on the go.

12

Recipes/smoothie.png

 

 

 

 

Category: Gym Equipment

Dumbbell Set

This set is designed for home workouts, coming with two bars and 8 assorted weights. Its everything you need for a workout.

40

Gym/Dumbbell.png

 

Barbell Set

Kick it up a notch with this versatile Barbell Set

90

Gym/barbbell.png

 

Incline Bench

Add versatility to your workout with this adjustable bench. Perfect for home use

350

Gym/inclineBench.png

 

Weight Rack

Keep it all in order with this weight rack perfect for home gyms.

150

Gym/weightRack.png

 

Collars

Stainless steel collars to keep your weights in check.

7

Gym/collars.png

 

Kettlebell

Perfect for home gyms these kettlebells will help burn fat and improve strength, stamina and muscle tone.

15

Gym/kettlebell.png

 

Circuit Bike

Spinning is a great way to burn calories, build muscle tone and increase cardio resistance as well as being a low impact exercise, you can set the Circuit Bike up in your own home, in the living room, kitchen or even outside on the nice sunny days in the summer. the front stabilisers include wheels for ease of movement.

300

Gym/circuitBike.png

 

Rowing Machine

Increase endurance, improve cardio, workout your upper and lower body and you can do it all in the comfort of your own home, in the living room, kitchen or even outside on the nice sunny days in the summer. Front stabilisers include wheels for easy of movement.

250

Gym/rowingMachine.png

 

TRX Set

The all-in-one, total-body workout system you can set up in less than 60 seconds at home or anywhere you go. Get stronger, build muscle, lose weight and improve flexibility fast - no weights required. The TRX Set includes two anchoring options, a workout guide, and six digital workout videos. When you buy from Barefoot.ie, you can rest assured that you're getting genuine, best-in-class TRX products that withstand heavy daily use by some of the world's most demanding users.

150

Gym/trx.png

 

Weight Belt

Designed to increase intra-abdominal pressure and stabilize your entire mid-section to reduce lower back pressure during standing lifts.

10

Gym/weightBelt.png

 

Workout Gloves

These Workout Gloves are padded on the palm of the hand to ensure you have as comfortable a grip as possible

25

Gym/workoutGloves.png

 

Liquid Chalk

Improves grip by reducing sweat. Less mess, original and best. Suitable for most sports.

15

Gym/liquidChalk.png

 

Gym Mat

Ideal product for protecting floors from all kinds of keep-fit equipment such as Treadmills, Bikes, Ellipticals etc.

30

Gym/gymMat.png

 

Abdominal Shaper

Comes with head support and arm cradle to make doing crunches easier. Great for use at home or in a gym for an ab workout

7

Gym/abShaper.png

 

Weight Lifting Straps

For those of you who like to lift heavy. Padded cushion wrists will aid for heavier lifts and the rubberised traction stabilises and supports the wrists.

4

Gym/straps.png

 

Resistance Bands

Our exercising loop resistance power bands are vibrantly colourful and easy to use. The different sizes available for purchase make a wide range of exercises available for people across varying fitness levels.

15

Gym/resistanceBand.png

 

Medicine Balls

Tone and strengthen the upper and lower body. Ideal for fitness and workout regimes as well as rehabilitation from injury.

12

Gym/medicineBall.png

 

 

Category: Mindfulness

Yoga Mats

15

Keeping fit shouldn’t weigh you down with preparation and our lightweight yoga mat makes it easy to get on with a great session without the hassle of carrying cumbersome equipment.

Mindfulness/yogaMat.png

 

Yoga Towel

7

Luxury non slip quick dry eco printed towel

Mindfulness/yogaTowel.png

 

Incense

Set the mood for mindful reflection with these empowering fragrances.

5

Mindfulness/incense.png

 

Incense Holder

Elevates incense-burning to an art form, creating scents that are designed to evoke the mood of different hours in the day. This brass and onyx holder set is design to house the scent of choice, comprised of a handmade burner and holder, both of which are finished with clean lines and edges in order to stand as an accessory between use.

45

Mindfulness/incenseHolder.png

